README.md, before:

# :school_satchel: :wrench: Having a go to diffusion probabilistic models
> Diffusion probabilistic models are a class of latent variable models, e.g. Markov chains trained using variational inference. [~wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffusion_model)  

:wrench: _‘What I cannot create. I do not understand.’ ~ Richard Feynman (1918 – 1988)_ [:tv:](https://youtu.be/GHOGAomJJjM?t=496) [:link:](https://www.quora.com/What-did-Richard-Feynman-mean-when-he-said-What-I-cannot-create-I-do-not-understand)


![fig](tutorials/results/animation_medNIST.gif)      
**Fig 1.** Animated sample from MedNIST

See [jupyter notebooks](tutorials/), [mnist-like datasets](datasets), [`*.gif` animations](tutorials/results), models and few [references](references).
The content of this repository should be fairly reproducible, see python version and its packages, OS version, GPU version and other [details](dependencies).  

## Clone repository
After generating your SSH keys as suggested [here](https://github.com/mxochicale/tools/blob/main/github/SSH.md) with few personal notes.
You can then clone the repository by typing (or copying) the following line in a terminal at your selected path in your machine:
```
cd && mkdir -p repositories/mxochicale && cd repositories/mxochicale
git clone git@github.com:mxochicale/diffusion-models-tutorials.git
```

## Issues 
If you have questions or have experiment any problems, please [open an issue](https://github.com/mxochicale/diffusion-models-tutorials/issues).

Commit message:

03 - mnist (#5)
* normalise grid_plots (#03)

* adds working diffmod prototype for mnist (#03)

* trying epochs=1000; (#03)

* updates READMES main/references/tutorials; tries other batch sizes and epochs; (#03)

* timesteps=1000; batchsize=32; (#03)

* timesteps=1000; batchsize=32; epochs=1000 T[2H47M] (#03)

* timesteps=1000; batchsize=256; epochs=0100 T[0H13M29S] (#03)

* timesteps=1000; batchsize=256; epochs=0200 T[0026M53S] (#03)

* model :+1: > timesteps=1000; batchsize=003; epochs=0200 T[01H:58M:00S]  (#03)

* model :-1: timesteps=1000; batchsize03; epochs=200; epochs=0200; T02H:03M:43S (#03)

* model :+1: timesteps=1000; batchsize03; drop_last=True; epochs=200; epochs=0200; T01H:58M:46S (#03)

* CUDA error: unspecified launch failure; epochs=1000 (#03)

* model :+1: timesteps=1000; batchsize03; drop_last=True; epochs=200; epochs=0900; T08H:47M:55S (#03)

* model :+1: timesteps=0500; batchsize03; drop_last=True; epochs=0250; T02H:29M:25S (#03)

* model :+1: timesteps=0200; batchsize03; drop_last=True; epochs=0100; T00H:59M:32S (#03)

* adds diffusers from HuggingFace; (#03)

* adds references/ videoblogs; (#03)

* adds tutorials/diffusers_mnist; (#03)

* :tada: various changes related to working diffusers with mnist (#03)

* cosmetic changes to links in main README (#03)

README.md, after:

# :school_satchel: :wrench: Having a go to diffusion probabilistic models
> Diffusion probabilistic models are a class of latent variable models, e.g. Markov chains trained using variational inference. [~wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffusion_model)  

_‘What I cannot create. I do not understand.’ ~ Richard Feynman (1918 – 1988)_ [:tv:](https://youtu.be/GHOGAomJJjM?t=496) [:link:](https://www.quora.com/What-did-Richard-Feynman-mean-when-he-said-What-I-cannot-create-I-do-not-understand) [:bug:](https://github.com/mxochicale/diffusion-models-tutorials/issues/4)

![fig](tutorials/results/animation_medNIST.gif)      
**Fig 1.** Animated sample from MedNIST

See [jupyter notebooks](tutorials/), [mnist-like datasets](datasets), [`*.gif` animations](tutorials/results), models and few [references](references).
The content of this repository should be fairly reproducible, see python version and its packages, OS version, GPU version and other [details](dependencies).  

## Clone repository

The github repository link is 
https://github.com/mxochicale/diffusion-models-tutorials

To clone this repo, you might need to generate your SSH keys as suggested [here](https://github.com/mxochicale/tools/blob/main/github/SSH.md).
You can then clone the repository by typing (or copying) the following line in a terminal at your selected path in your machine:
```
cd && mkdir -p repositories/mxochicale && cd repositories/mxochicale
git clone git@github.com:mxochicale/diffusion-models-tutorials.git
```


## Issues 
If you have questions or have experiment any problems, please [open an issue](https://github.com/mxochicale/diffusion-models-tutorials/issues).
